Oh, hand me down.
Yeah, hand me down.
Hand me down my silver trumpet Gabriel.
Well, hand me down.
Lord, hand me down.
Hand me down.
Hand me down my silver trumpet Gabriel.
Well, hand me down.
Hand me down.
Hand me down my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Well, what you gonna do when Gabriel blows his horn?
When I march into glory on the wings of the morn, hand me down my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
When I get up in the heaven, when I throw my golden shoes, hand me down my hammer trumpet, Gabriel.
When I walk all the glory and just gather up the news, hand me down my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Well, hand me down.
Oh, hand me down.
Hand me down, my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Well, hand me down.
Lord, hand me down.
Hand me down, my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Well, hand me down.
Yes, hand me down.
Hand me down, my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
When I get up in the hip, when I put on my golden shoes, hand me down my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Gonna walk all over glory and just gather up the news.
Hand me down my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
When I look at all the folks who left me long years ago, hand me down my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
And if he ain't up yonder, then I'll know this down below.
Hand me down my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Lord, yeah, hand me down.
Oh, hand me down.
Hand me down my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Well, hand me down.
Lord, hand me down, hand me down, hand me down my silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Well, I hand it down, throw it down, any way to get it down, I gotta have my silver trumpet, Gabriel.